hello everybody this is Daniel a loose
in this video show the latest film or
install it on cs9 1/8 plus TB box
let's take a look above device as you
can see the model number cs9 1/8 plus
weight Android KitKat 4.4.2
and with rockchip rk3288 processor the
latest on the kernel version is 3 point
10.0 and this is the build number so
this is the latest free store firmer
let's take a look at the femur this is
the launcher with four home screens
the first on home application centers
multiplication rings all the
applications installed and settings ok
as you can see the femur has Otis's ok
they have placed oh we have gaps
everything is working just nice ok here
Ethernet is working while feel it's
working just nice ok so you can choose
to change the launcher from here this is
the stock launcher ok let's go back
okay the sound tab the display here we
have a lot of functions in the storage
three gigabytes of internal memory
language here we have all the languages
painting option developer options and
above device as you can see this is
digit 4.4.2 stock firma
okay this is just a quick review thank
you for watching see you soon bye